[Instrumental music]
Powertron!
[All] Special attack!
[Gunshots]
[Grumbles]
Curses!
I'll get you next time,
powertron!
Hold it, kingburg!
Dammit! Did he get away?
However, we powertrons
will uphold
the peace of the network
without fail!
[All] Yeah!
[Upbeat music]
[Boy] That was nothing
like the stuff on TV.
[Indistinct chatter]
- Let's check out a movie.
- Okay.
Man, that's like way
too expensive.
Mm-hmm.
Like I said, it's from
that show in Hiroshima.
You mean the one
I couldn't go to?
Yeah, that time when rei
fumbled one of her songs
and then those guys
started all that trouble.
And this is the
minidisc from when
mima had sung
in rei's place one time.
Yeah, I hear
it's a real collector's item.
Oh, yeah. So, like,
is that rumor really true?
- What, the one about mirna?
- Uh-huh.
- That's what everyone's saying.
- Fanzines, 400 yen.
Cham! Fanzines.
Three left. Only three left.
400 yen.
Yeah, I read about that too.
And it's supposed to be
her last concert here.
At a nothing show like this?
I'd say that's
pretty cold of mimarin.
Seems like there's been a lot
more solo acts going on lately.
Yeah, but I think that
mimarin could really act.
[Boys laughing]
Hey, look, it's those guys.
Over there.
- I thought it was great.
- [Man #1] Same guys who
caused trouble last week.
[Man #2]
Shit. Today of all days.
They better not cause
any trouble.
[Woman] Oh, I'm getting nervous!
Rei, come on, please, sit still!
Hey, what's up with this?
This is all frayed, ugh!
- What are you doing?
- Where the hell
is the masking tape?
Hello? Yeah?
Remember your entrance
in the second song, mima!
Please, rumi, don't pressure me!
I need a drink!
- I'm sorry. I'll call you back.
- You can have drinks
- after the show.
- Okay? It's just too crazy here.
Alright, ladies, let's go.
Hurry! You're on!
[Bell ringing]
[Male announcer]
Alright, people.
It looks like they're ready!
[People cheering]
So without further ado,
please welcome to our stage...
Cham!
[Pop music]
[Train rumbling]
[Music playing in headphones]
[Indistinct chatter]
[Rails squeaking]
J“ at times you fear
for your love j”
j“ send a little heart for her j“
j“ and she'll be there with you,
with her love j“
j“ waiting only for you j“
j“ and when you love her,
love her, she will be j“
j“ a little angel, angel
in your heart j“
j“ you've got to push it,
push it for her love j“
j“ and then forever, ever,
she will be j“
j“ a sweet angel of your heart j“
j“ to be there together j“
j'j'j'j'
[indistinct chatter]
[Glass clinking]
[Man] Could you get
a map to aisle five?
- Yes, sir.
- Thanks.
Uh...
[Indistinct chatter]
J'j'j'j'
[cheering]
[Cheering and whooping rowdily]
[Tadokoro] Mima should
be acting, not singing!
[Cries]
I can't do this!
Mika...
They want her in a drama series.
You just don't pass up
a deal like this!
She can do both.
She can sing and act!
Her schedule with
the other two has already
created a difficult problem.
[Rumi] Listen, she didn't go
to all those singing lessons
just so she could
become an actress!
The producer of the show
doesn't care.
He thinks mima's
a wonderful actress.
Of course.
But what about mima's feelings?
- Huh?
- J“ waiting for you j“
j“ and when you love her,
love her, she will be j“
j“ a little angel, angel
in your heart j“
j“ you've got to push it,
push it for her love j“
j“ and then forever, ever,
she will be j“
j“ a sweet angel of your heart j“
j“ to be there together j“
[Yelling]
J'j'j'j'
[cheering]
Thank you very much.
You guys are wonderful!
It was a fun concert,
but we only have time
for one more song.
We just got here!
You gotta sing more than one.
[Cheering in agreement]
Umm... but before we sing
our last song,
we do have some news
we would like
to share with all of you.
You see?
Uh, I, mima kirigoe,
had a really fun time
- being a member of cham!
- [Man] Out of the way!
[All gasp]
I said out of my way!
Get your slimy hands off me,
you oversized freak!
- [Blows landing]
- [Grunts]
[Indistinct shouting]
Listen, you can't tell me
what I can and can't do,
you asshole.
[Man] Why don't you folks leave?
What's that? What the hell?
Who do you think you're
telling to leave,
- you fucker?
- Hey, it wasn't me!
I didn't say anything.
- [Clattering]
- Ah, who threw that?
Get the hell over here,
whoever threw that!
Go home!
- [Chanting] Go home, go home!
- [Grunts]
Damn, it's those guys again.
- We're canceling the show!
- Huh?
But today is the...
Shut up! Goddammit!
[Indistinct shouting]
[Chanting] Go home! Go home!
Go home! Go home!
[Mirna] Stop it now!
- [Grunts]
- Huh?
[Microphone feedback]
[Indistinct whispering]
Tonight...
I mean today,
I just wanted us to
please have a good time.
Fuckin' attitude she has
for a no-namer!
Want a good time? Here!
What the hell?
[Breathes heavily]
Damn weirdo! [Grunts]
Let's go, you guys.
[Indistinct chatter]
[Stammers]
A-Actually...
What I wanted to say is...
This is mima's last
performance with cham!
[All groan]
Thank you all so much.
I'm really happy that I spent
the last two and a half years
being part of cham!
And sharing it all with you.
I really hope
that I can entertain you
just the same as an actress.
So now, if you please...
This will be my last song.
[Indistinct chatter]
[Somber piano music]
[Camera shutters clicking]
Well, it totally makes sense
from the agency's point of view.
Pop idols just don't
make money, right?
Metamorphosis, huh?
J“ the day the sun was born j“
j“ your warmth was on my laugh j“
j“ remembering a day
when we loved each other j“
j“ I thought that
was everything j“
j“ your warmth was in my heart j“
j“ remembering a time
when we loved one another j“
j“ and now I know
that I feel like a coward j“
j“ I don't feel pain,
just keep living j“
j“ my face looks so pale
like a little white flower j“
j“ do I still believe...? J“
[indistinct chatter]
[Laughs]
[Camera shutters clicking]
Mimarin! Mimarin!
Here, here, take this!
Thank you.
[Man] I'm always
watching mima's room!
[Train passing]
[Sighs]
Yuck! This cheese
has gone bad already!
[Clinking]
[Bubbling]
I'm sorry.
I forgot to feed you yesterday.
- [Upbeat music playing quietly]
- [Sighs]
[Man on TV] The earthquake
that happened in mie area
flattened a number of towns
throughout the region.
The government reports 200 dead,
but the total number of victims
is yet to be determined
while many more of them still
remain missing amid the rubble.
Authorities have
called in troops
for rescue operations, however,
because the area
is getting dark,
- [groans]
- And obtaining any source
of light will be a problem.
- The full operation...
- [Paper rustling]
Well done, guys.
Thanks for all the work
and good times.
Bye bye, mima the pop idol.
[Rustling]
[Man on TV] ...Four ambulances
and emergency crews are
making their way to the scene.
- We have reports that the...
- [Grunts softly]
Are being rerooted
through the surrounding
residential streets,
and the police...
"Sing for us forever."
Guess I can't do that.
A mother and her
six-year-old son today
-tried to fit themselves into
-huh? Hmm...
A shopping cart at a
local grocery store.
As the mother was
unable to pry herself out...
"I always like looking
into mima's room.
"I'm linked with you.
"I've put up a link
to mima's room."
What the heck? Huh?
It did end up taking two
paramedics to help
the woman out of the cart.
She was unhurt.
Apparently the cart...
-[Telephone ringing]
Hello?
[Woman]
Mima, honey, you're home!
Oh, it's you, mom!
Yeah, I'm doin' fine.
How are you doin'?
You did, really?
Yeah. Today was the last one.
No more singing.
What? What are you sayin'?
You always said
you wanted to be a singer.
I told you, mom.
I'm gonna be an actress.
Honey, we have all been
waiting for your new single,
not to mention your uncle
over in yamaguchi
said he'd buy twenty copies.
Do you realize that?
[Sighs] You just don't
understand how
this industry works, mom.
Well, [do understand that
singing is what you do best.
Morn, the pop idol image
is suffocating me!
- Besides, today pop idols are...
- [Telephone ringing]
Oh, wait. Another call.
Kirigoe residence.
Hello?
[Heavy breathing]
H-Hello?
Mm, ah.
[Beeping]
Wrong number.
Uh-uh, they didn't say anything.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
- [Beeping]
- Oh, wait a minute. The bath!
Call me back in five minutes.
[Grunts softly]
[Water running]
- [Telephone ringing]
- Oh, mother!
Can't you just wait one minute?
[Beeping, printing]
A fax? Who's it from?
traitor traitor traitor
[ominous music]
[Grunts]
[Mirna]
"Excuse me, who are you?"
- "Excuse me, who are you?"
- [Man] Open up.
"Excuse me, who are you?"
[Indistinct chatter]
Must have been the first take.
They're both good.
[Indistinct chatter]
[Man] That's #5. Bring in #5
[mirna] What do you think, rumi?
Do you know what it means?
[Yawns deeply]
It's just a website.
Somebody took it off
the Internet.
Oh, that's really
popular lately.
Huh, so what's it mean?
Hmm... how can I describe it?
It's kind of like networking
by using the computer.
Yeah, and?
Well, it looks like this person,
whoever it is,
put up a link to "mima's room",
which is the title
of the website.
That make sense?
[Giggles] Not one bit.
[Man] Alright!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
We 're ready for the take!
[Woman and man laugh]
Don't make me laugh!
But I like to hear you laugh.
5 seconds!
- 4, 3, 2...
- [Clears throat]
The murder victim, rika,
her younger sister is here.
Would you like to see her?
Mr. Yamashiro.
Yes?
Tell me, do you have
any idea why the culprit
peels off the skin
of his victims?
Uh, I assume he gets
sexual stimulation
from such activities.
He wants to become one.
Forgive me. Become what?
A woman, or perhaps...
[Director] Ah, cut!
[Groans]
Eri ochiai is a great
actress after all!
She's a different person
so completely involved
when the camera is rolling!
[Director] That's good!
[Man] Okay, scene 32!
- [Man #2] Moving on, people.
- Hey, rika's sister!
We're ready for ya!
Here!
- Hold this!
- Alright.
- You nervous?
- A bit.
Hmm.
She only has one line.
What's she nervous about?
Well, how's our
star actress so far?
Mr. Tadokoro.
She's just going on now.
"Excuse me, who are you?"
- People, this is a hot set.
- "Excuse..."
- Please do not touch anything.
- [Slow piano music]
- [Laughter, indistinct chatter]
- Get down people.
- You see, that's what I mean!
- You believe it?
[All laugh]
[Man] Man, I'm exhausted.
Eri looks very pretty,
doesn't she?
[Man] Bring that in quickly,
quickly, quickly, quickly!
[Distorted laughter]
Mm.
[Man] Alright, everybody.
[Man #2] Alright lets...
Let's get this going quickly.
[Woman] Hey can I
get an apple box over here?
- [Man] You got it.
- Ugh, cup of coffee...
- Good morning.
- Good morning!
Good morning.
Well, hello, everyone.
[All] Good morning.
Mr. Shibuya,
you decided to come.
Hi, eri, how's it going?
How's my script
holdin' out for ya?
Mm, your words are so difficult,
Mr. Shibuya.
I think I'll have to quit.
Eri, please don't say that.
Oh, it's the best.
I just love it!
You've really outdone yourself.
Oh, you little devil, you.
Eri, darling,
I have these fan letters.
They were sent to the station.
They're all for you.
Oh, thank you, Mr. Tejima.
Kuro?
Oh, this one's not for you.
Well, keep up the good work.
I'm back to mine.
So, Mr. Shibuya,
you have to tell me.
Who ends up being
the criminal, hmm?
Sorry, can't tell you.
That'd spoil the fun.
So what are you going to
do about the criminal?
You're running out of time.
You gotta make a decision soon.
Mm...
Good morning, Mr. Tejima.
Mr. Shibuya.
How's everything going, huh?
How's everything?
Ah, hello there.
Everyone tells me that
mima's doing great.
Well, if that's the case,
don't you feel that she's
not doing enough? [Laughs]
- Did you hear that, shibuya?
- Huh?
Hey, don't look at me!
It's not my decision.
Help me out here.
Please, would ya?
Try and make use of mima
just a little bit more!
Ah... she's a pop idol,
understand?
They're just so hard to use.
No problem! It's easy,
she's done with
being a pop idol!
Really?
[Tadokoro] We also want to give
her a drastic image change.
[Man] We 're ready for the take!
Almost forgot, this is for mima.
Your hair is, like,
shining in the light.
It's very pretty.
"Excuse me, who are you?"
5 seconds!
- "Excuse me..."
- 4, 3, 2...
- [Explosion]
- Ah!
[All gasp]
[Ominous music]
Mr. Tadokoro?
Oh, my god, what happened?
- [Grunts]
- Mr. Tadokoro!
I'm alright.
What in the hell was that?
I think that the
letter just exploded.
Call an ambulance quick!
[Man] Got it!
Is a warning.
The next one will be real.
- [Ominous music]
- [Indistinct chatter]
[Siren wailing in distance]
[Clicking]
[Sighs] Okay, we're all set now.
Rumi, you're so amazing!
Thank you!
And now, I'll sign you up
for online services, okay?
Okay.
Oh...
Rumi, I was just
wondering about...
About what?
- About the other day.
- [Keyboard clacking]
Oh, that? Okay...
Credit card number...
Don't you think we
should have at least
let the police know about it?
Mr. Tadokoro said not to.
He doesn't want us to
do anything about it.
But it was... I mean,
a crime was committed.
And if you think about it,
I could have been the one
that opened that letter.
Everything's okay now.
It was just a prank.
Fortunately, Mr. Tadokoro
wasn't badly hurt,
so you shouldn't worry about
it anymore, mima, alright?
- Yeah...
- Now I have to explain
this all to you,
so listen carefully.
Okay!
This is a browser for
the world wide web.
You launch it by
double-clicking here.
[Mirna] What? Double-clip?
What are you going
to do with a clip?
I thought that's what you said!
No, see, at the location here,
you enter the url.
It's really not that
difficult to understand.
Oh, rumi, come on!
Will you please explain
it to me in English?
Oh, boy.
Whatever gave you the idea
to buy a computer anyway?
Because they said it was easy!
Alright, I'll explain it from
the beginning once more.
Okay!
- [Mima] H... t... t... p...
- [Keyboard clacking]
Ooh, something came up!
Hey, I'm not so bad at this.
Now, let's see. Hmm...
There it is!
Mima's room
oh!
mima's diary
"it was just terrible!"
"I screwed up the choreography,
and forgot my lyrics.
"I feel so sorry
for all my fans!
"This morning, when [got off
the train left foot first,
"all the bad stuff started.
"I always make it a point
that my right foot
"goes first into the
train and into the bath."
[Laughs]
Someone sure knows me!
What's this?
"Today was my 21st birthday.
"Yukiko, rei, and the staff at
the agency held a party for me.
"It was terrific!
"Coming home, I went grocery
shopping at the usual store.
"I bought myself
mineral water and milk.
"I get the best water,
"and the milk just
has to be cow brand.
"I have to allow myself
at least that luxury.
"And of course I get
the right brand of food
for my precious fish,
the kind they like."
"May 12th. I was impressed with
"eri ochiai's performance
in double bind.
"She's becomes another person
when the camera is rolling."
Where did this come from?
How do they know so much?
- [Clicks]
- Excuse me, who are you?
[Ominous music]
Excuse me, who are you?
[Indistinct chatter]
Dr. Asamiya,
specializing in psychiatry.
I was your
sister's psychiatrist.
- I'm very sorry this happened.
- [Man pants]
However, there are some things
- I'd like to ask you.
- Detective yamashiro.
- Another one.
- What?
[Upbeat music]
[Shutters clicking]
[Woman screams]
This looks like
the fifth victim.
[Rumi] Just three shots of her?
[Groans]
Do you really think
this is worth it
for her to leave cham!?
Do you?
Rumi, darling.
Do you know how
much work it is in getting a
- recurring role in a series?
- [Lighter clicking]
I understand all that.
However...
[Exhales]
This is when
mima proves herself.
She's very close to establishing
credibility as a real actress.
Right, but we should be
selling mima as a pop idol!
Eh, come on.
Times have changed
since rumi hidaka
was a working pop idol.
I know that.
Nowadays,
there are no places for
pop idols to appeal
to the masses.
This is the turning point
that'll decide
if mima lasts or not.
Well, excuse me, sir,
for not surviving.
Please, rumi!
There'd be nothing better
than for her to be an actress
and become a star.
She came all the way to Tokyo
to make it as a singer.
Rumi, stop and think about it.
On record sales we
make practically nothing.
It'd be fine
if she could sell more.
Well, you know,
I do agree with you.
I wish they'd start
using her a bit more.
[Man] Sorry we're
not that profitable!
[Both] Good morning!
How's the new cham!
Coming along?
[Chuckles]
[Cars honking]
Double bind
[Pop music]
[Man] It was totally worthless.
Did you see it?
Double bind. Yeah, I saw it.
It was boring!
Do all psycho-thrillers made
in Japan turn out that way?
Mimarin wasn't even in it!
Yeah, she is.
How many scenes was
she in last week? Four?
- Nah, it was only three.
- Yeah.
Will somebody save mimarin?
Please?
A home page on the Internet:
You can make one too!
- [Indistinct chatter]
- [Light piano music]
[Woman]
Hurry up, the train's coming!
[Man] I know,
I'm just getting a newspaper.
This morning, when I got off
the train left foot first...
[Man] Excuse me.
[Grunts]
[Pants]
[Man] Come on,
keep it moving now.
[Woman] Mom, I'm here!
[Indistinct chatter]
Hey, it's mimarin!
- Good morning, mimarin!
Hey, mimarin.
- Break a leg with the series!
- Hey, wait, mimarin!
Ah, do they get all unfriendly
when they become
actresses or what?
[Woman] Hurry up!
[Elevator beeping]
Hit-and-run at shinkaido.
Tadashi do! (18),
in critical condition.
- [Distorted music]
- Oh. [Gasps]
Good morning, everyone!
[Rumi] Good morning, mima.
[Man] Cheers, everyone!
- [All] Cheers!
- [Glasses clinking]
[All laugh]
- What's going on?
- Cham!'S new single...
They're celebrating. Look!
Wow! They got 83rd?
I can't believe it,
that's great!
We three never even
made the charts before.
One, two, three!
[Pepping]
[All] Congratulations!
[Woman] We did it!
[Woman #2] Now we 're gonna
have to work really hard!
But what about the audience?
Will there be anyone there?
Of course there will be, mima!
here's your next script.
It has a few more lines in it.
0h.
You've done great.
Both of you, really.
Cham!'s doing great as a duo.
What can I say?
[All laugh]
- [Distant music]
- [Cars honking]
[Indistinct chatter]
Excuse me, are you currently
represented by an agent?
I'm sorry, I'm in a hurry.
0h.
Come on, now.
Wouldn't you be interested
in becoming a model?
You sure do have the
look for it.
A model?
[Director] Cut!
[Indistinct chatter]
Okay, everybody.
Let's move!
Set up for the next scene!
[Man] Alright, next set up.
Hey, who's that girl?
I'm not sure.
Oh, hey, shibuya.
I saw next week's script.
You did a great job.
It looks absolutely marvelous.
I didn't expect any of that.
[Chuckles]
[Laughs]
Wait till you see.
It gets even better after that.
I'm sure.
But I'm beginning to wonder...
If our darling mima can
handle that sort of thing,
or better yet, her agency.
[Pages rustling]
[Tadokoro] Mima's character,
yoko takakura,
completely changes
personalities when she's raped
by the customers
at a local strip show.
A rape scene?
You have got to be
out of your mind!
It's pivotal, rumi.
She's the key figure
in the second half.
Pivotal?
-Mima is a pop idol!
don't worry, mima.
It'll be alright.
We'll ask the producers
and we'll get it changed.
Wait, wait, wait a minute!
The scripts are
behind schedule as it is,
and the art crew is getting
antsy just sittin' around.
I mean, how will it look if
we start complaining now?
I just told shibuya that she was
pulling out from
the pop idol scene.
Will you stop already?
It's our job to protect
the celebrities in our agency!
There is absolutely no way
mima can do such a thing!
[Mirna] It's alright, rumi.
I'm an actress now.
I've made that decision,
so now that's what
I'm going to do.
- Mima!
- Ah, mima, fabulous.
This kind of thing is
commonplace for actresses.
Jodie whatshername,
she had to do it, right?
Mima, dear,
please think it over.
Do you realize what will happen?
It's not as if they're really
going to rape me or anything.
Although, I'm sure
my parents will flip
when they see me like that.
[Laughs nervously]
Anyway, rumi, I'll do it.
I have to give it my best shot.
Mima.
[Indistinct chatter]
I absolutely refuse to do it!
-[Crashing]
[indistinct chatter continues]
[Eerie music]
How's my director doing?
How's the set coming along?
I'd prefer to shoot
in a real club,
but considering
what we're filming,
no one will let us
shoot in their place.
- Ah, I'm tired.
- [Groans]
Please, I'm counting on you.
- Hey, hey, hey, come on, yada!
- [Yawns]
What are we doing
about our next meeting?
We're running out of time here.
All we have is a date.
- You ready to do this?
- That doesn't make much
- of a meeting!
- Yes, I am.
Okay, everybody!
She's really young.
- [Man] We're ready to roll!
- [Woman] Quiet.
Scene 48, "the manager gets
dragged down", take 1!
Ten seconds!
[Electric guitar music]
5, 4, 3, 2...
- [Upbeat music]
- [Men cheering]
[Man] Yeah, looking good.
Not half bad for an ex-pop idol.
- [Mima] No! Stop! Let me go!
- [Man] Get away from the stage!
- Shut the fuck up!
- Get out of here!
I'll call the police!
You think I give a shit
about cops?
Get your hands off me. Get off!
[Clamoring]
No, let me go! Let me go!
Stop, no, no!
J'j'j'j'
help me, somebody help me!
[Screams] No!
[Screams]
[Director] Alright, cut!
[Music stops]
[Indistinct chatter]
Over there, hold your places!
- [Sighs]
- Hmm.
Okay, everyone,
we have to move the cameras!
Uh...
I'm really sorry.
Oh, no, it's alright.
Right, next up, the rape scene!
Everyone, get ready!
Take 1! Rolling!
- [Upbeat music]
- [Men cheering]
[Screams]
Stop! [Screams]
Stop please!
[Screams]
Cut!
[Music fades]
No, you've got to
get there faster.
Uh, sorry, sir. It jammed.
Once again, from the top!
Okay, guys, can't break yet!
Ready? Take 2!
- [Screams]
- [Men cheering]
J'j'j'j'
no! No!
[Screams]
[Cries]
[Groans]
Huh?
[Screams] Please stop! No!
[Cheering continues]
[Pants]
[Ominous music]
[Cheering and applause]
[Cheering and music fade]
[Clicking]
[Sighs]
[Door closing]
[Sighs] I'm so tired.
- [Man sighs]
- [Door closing]
I haven't seen rumi.
Where is she?
Hmm? Oh, she had
a meeting to go to.
[Starts engine]
Hey, mirna, I...
You know...
Hmm?
It's okay.
Why don't I just treat you
to a delicious meal 'cause
you've been working so hard?
I'd love it!
[Door opening, closing]
[Hums]
[Door sliding open]
I'm home, fishies!
- [Bubbling]
- [Grunts softly]
I wonder if you're hungry yet.
[Laughs]
Hmm? [Taps glass]
- [Slow piano music]
- Yoo-hoo.
Hmm.
[shudders]
[Cries]
[Clattering]
[Sobs]
Of course I don't want to do it!
But I didn't want
to tell them that,
all those people who've
done so much for me!
[Cries]
See, didn't I tell you?
Is that really the job
that you wanted?
It's the pits! [Laughs]
[Shouts]
[Pants]
[Bubbling]
[Pop music]
[Mima] I don't want to do
that drama anymore!
The producer is a total pervert,
and my role is
really screwed up!
I have to say,
singing in front of my fans
is my favorite thing.
[Keyboard clacking]
J'j'j'j'
yup, that particular scene?
Of course,
I would be lying if I said
-I didn't have any hesitations,
-[Camera shutter clicking]
But I see it as a hurdle
I had to get over as an actress.
[Man]
I heard the ratings went up.
As always, the public at large
are all a bunch of idiots.
Yes. I'd like to be
recognized as an actress.
And not as an ex-pop idol?
That's right!
I'm fine with it 'cause rei
was always the one I liked.
Although,
all the mimarin fans
are totally upset.
But, being with cham!
Did teach me a lot.
It was a great experience
in its own way.
[Men laugh]
- Yeah, totally!
- They're probably whining,
"that's not mimarin!"
[All laugh]
J'j'j'j'
mima's room
in so many words,
tell us what your day was like.
"Today, I was still
a little depressed,
"but receiving e-mail
from all of you
"made me feel a little better."
I have e-mail? [Clicks]
"June 24: Please help me,
everyone is..."
"everyone is forcing
me to do it!
It's all the
screenwriter's fault!"
-[Eerie music]
Help! Help! Help!
What? This isn't true!
I didn't write this!
Of course you didn't!
The real mima is writing this!
[giggles]
I know that deep down
in your heart
you want to be a pop idol again.
No, it's not true!
I'm no longer...
No longer what?
Oh, yeah, that's right.
You're no longer a pop idol.
You're a filthy woman now.
- Like a slut.
- [Shudders]
No one likes a pop idol with
a tarnished reputation.
It's not true! It's not!
[Cheering and applause]
You won't be able to step
back into that spotlight now.
Uh.
it's alright.
You don't have to worry.
I'm here.
From now on,
I'll be in the light,
and you'll be in the shadows.
[Giggles]
What are you saying?
Who in the hell are you?
[Laughs]
Nobody cares for you anymore.
You're tarnished
and you're filthy!
Stop it! Stop it!
I am not tarnished!
[Cries]
Wait! No!
Wait!
J'j'j'j'
[Car approaching]
Huh?
[Door opening, closing]
- What the...?
- [Paper rustling]
[Faintly in the distance]
J“ love makes your heart race. J“
j“ if it means you're
loved in the end j“
j“ be much more aggressive j“
j“ because you will
get a chance. J“
j“ the angel of love
smiles at you. J“
hello, is anyone there?
[Music stops]
J“ can you see the
angel's white wings? J“
hmm?
J“ or her eyes gazing at you j“
j“ her sweet voice,
her gentle hands? J“
huh?
J“ she is here just for you. J“
[elevator beeping]
[Loudly]
J“ she is protecting you j“
j“ from somewhere nearby. J“
j“ got a question about j“
j“ love makes your heart race. J“
[elevator beeping]
J“ if it means you're
loved in the end j“
j“ be much more aggressive j“
[thuds]
[Siren wailing in distance]
[Toy car siren wailing]
[Indistinct chatter]
It happened somewhere near
1 o'clock this morning.
Hey, buddy, I called you last
night and you weren't in.
Oh, shit, you guys.
How'd you know?
[Laughs]
So did you check it out,
"mima's room"?
Yeah, but is that really her?
No clue.
According to that ad,
mimarin's gonna be on
stage today.
No way!
Police say shibuya was
stabbed multiple times
with a sharp object, including
his eyes and 65% of his body...
Popular script
writer slaughtered!
The victim: Takao shibuya (34)
It's extremely shocking
what happened,
but our worrying about it
won't do any good.
We have to put it behind us.
But then, there was also
the letter bomb.
What about that?
Come on, mirna.
Do you honestly think
that shibuya's murder
can be connected with that?
I'm not sure what
I think anymore.
You watch too many TV shows.
Now, don't you worry about it.
Hmm.
You won't become a star
looking like that!
Smile, okey-doke?
Mm-hmm.
[Man on radio] Shibuya won the
new writers' prize in 1990...
- [Ominous music]
- [Gasps]
Serves... you right.
Serves... me... [gasps]
[Gasps]
[Pants]
[Cars honking]
- [Man] Hey, move it, buddy!
- Mima!
- Get off the road!
- Hey, what's wrong?
I was wondering,
do you think mima's
gonna be alright?
Yeah, why?
Well, that photographer,
he's known for
getting people to strip!
So what? She doesn't care!
I'm sure she can't wait
to take it off,
in front of the photographer
and everyone
- like totally, "I'm here!"
- [Door opening]
Isn't it time you
girls get ready?
Stop fooling around.
Alright.
[Sighs]
[Shutter clicking]
[Pop music]
Ooh... I like that expression.
Try running your fingers
through your hair.
That's it! Hold it right there.
You look beautiful.
J'j'j'j'
[chuckles]
Yeah, just like that.
Part your lips a little.
Nice. Now let's
take the top off.
- [Cheering]
- [Shutters clicking]
J“ I'm gonna take this year
just as it comes j“
j“ I'm making plans
I'm gonna have fun j“
j“ my feelings of love
have faded away right now j“
j“ I don't want to
read it in a book j“
j“ this is me
why don't you take a look? J“
j“ that's what makes life for me
like changing all the time j“
j“ I'll have such fun today
living on my own now j“
[knocking on door]
I thought you decided to
go through with this!
Everyone is out here
waiting for you!
Come on, mima!
[Mima] See? Didn't I tell you?
You didn't believe me!
- [Gasps]
- [Ominous music]
You were better off
as a pop idol.
I was right, huh?
[Tadokoro]
Hey mima, are you listening?
Stop all this nonsense!
Please tell me who you are.
Who me? I am a pop idol.
The fans are all waiting.
So I decided I'm going to sing
with rei and yukiko again.
No, I'm not! I'm an actress!
[Laughs] Don't be stupid!
No one really wants that!
Wait!
This is what everyone
really wants.
J“ I'm okay on my own right now j“
j“ I've found a lonely place so
I can be by myself all alone j“
j“ walking into a nice scene j“
j“ my changing moods
they inspire me j“
j“ to send out my heart j“
j“ I'm okay on my own right now j“
j“ I've found a lonely place so
I can be by myself all alone j“
everyone, thank you!
[Cheering]
J'j'j'j'
June 27th: Thank you for
coming to the event today!
It really is the best feeling to
sing in front of all of you!
[Muffled] Bastards!
Mima kirigoe leaving
the throne of a pop idol!!
Hey, what are you doing?
Hey, what's going on?
[Indistinct chatter]
[Eerie music]
To Mr. Me-mania: Thank you
for your e-mail every day...
[Mirna] You believe me, right?
She's just an imposter.
It's not me!
Of course. Mimarin would
never do such a thing.
I will protect you,
the real mimarin.
I trust you, Mr. Me-mania.
I'll always be with you
and I 7! Never change...
Not a bit.
But I have a problem.
It's that imposter.
She keeps getting in my way.
I don't know what to do.
[Keyboard clacking]
I'll get rid of her.
Mr. Me-mania,
thank you very much.
You're the only one
I can depend on.
J'j'j'j'
[rain falling]
[Mirna] Oh, god.
I don't know anything
about myself anymore!
[Woman] Well, I wouldn't
be so sure about that.
How do you know that
that person you were
a second ago is the
same person you are now?
Huh?
A continuous stream of memories.
Given only that, we create
the illusion within ourselves,
saying that we have
only one fixed persona.
Doctor, I'm really afraid.
I'm scared that the
other self will do
something terrible
that I don't know about,
something out of my control.
[Gasps]
It's alright.
There is no way illusions
can come to reality.
- [Gasps]
- Huh?
Cut!
What is it, mima? What's wrong?
I'm sorry, sir!
Oh, this rain. Ugh.
I'm gonna catch a cold.
I'm so sorry!
[Inhales]
- [Rain falling harder]
- [Man] Get those lights!
[Indistinct chatter]
[Rei] Hey, everybody
it's pouring really
badly outside,
but your hearts are like,
always sunny!
Well, I think we're ready now.
- Welcome to rei...
- [Pop music]
And yukiko's...
[Both in unison]
"Idol chamland"!
Mr. Tadokoro?
I'm sure they're on the air now.
I thought you'd
like to see them.
Oh!
[Giggles]
We're going to have
our next show this Sunday.
It's gonna be held
at ibaragi sim city
at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
- How's it goin'?
- People from near
-and people from afar,
-doin' fine,
- just thought I'd drop by.
- Please come and see us!
- We'll be waiting for you!
- [Grunts softly]
Chamland will be back
next week at the same time.
- Till then...
- [Intense music]
[Both in unison] One, two...
[All] Bye bye!
- [Man] Good show, guys.
- [Gasps]
[Grunts]
Hey, it's mirna.
[Whimpers]
Mima!
[Groans]
[Laughs]
- [Both shout]
- [Clattering]
[Man] Are you okay?
J'j'j'j'
Wait!
Who are you?
[Yells]
I told you. Can't you tell?
I'm the real mirna.
[Giggles]
[Pants]
[Indistinct chatter]
- Ah!
- [Man] Watch it there.
[Grunts]
J'j'j'j'
[gasps]
[Screams]
[Gasps]
[Man on TV]
In other news, today,
the economic planning agency
announced a
"new citizen's life index"
that will indicate the overall
Japanese standard of living
- and the individual as well.
- [Doorbell ringing]
[Grunts softly]
[Mima] It feels like I haven 't
seen you in a long time.
Well, I've been
very busy lately.
So, tell me.
Are you getting used to acting?
Mm-hmm.
It's hard, but I guess
it's what I decided to do.
[Chuckles] You have become
such a mature woman.
And that's just great.
Everyone seems
to like the new mima.
Yeah.
Well, it doesn't look
like you agree.
Um, mima, what is it?
Are you being harassed
by someone?
I've been checking out
your website.
It's a bit much.
You change your image
a little bit, and they complain.
I think it's better if
you don't look at it.
Yeah.
But maybe she is more
like me than myself.
Mima?
My other self that I've now
buried deep inside my heart.
What if... what if
that other personality
started acting out on its own?
It's alright.
There's no way illusions
can come to life.
-[Gas ps] R ' -cut! Um|!
Mima, dear.
What the hell are you saying?
- Uh...
- [People chuckling]
I feel like I'm gonna have
nightmares about this line.
I'm sorry again!
[Vehicle approaching]
[Gasps]
What is it?
Uh, nothing...
[Director]
Once more from the top.
Alright, take 2!
[Gasps]
[Man on TV]
In other news, today,
the economic planning agency
announced a
"new citizen's life index"
that will indicate the overall
Japanese standard of living
- and the individual as well.
- [Doorbell ringing]
[Grunts softly]
[Mirna] It's been awhile, rumi.
What are you
talking about, mima?
I was just here yesterday.
What was yesterday?
Was all that real?
What? Now, that's weird.
- [Glass shattering]
- Oh!
- Mima! What's wrong with you?
- [Tense music]
Oh, my god, you're bleeding.
Oh.
This blood, rumi, is it real?
Mima!
[Drop echoing]
Today I went shopping
in harajuku.
I'm a sucker for sale items.
I guess I went to
harajuku today.
[Fizzing]
You mean,
the murder is just an illusion
that she has simply created?
Yes.
She fears an imaginary
security guard
and then superimposes that
figure as a serial murderer
of people that she has
been affiliated with.
But doctor, there's no way
illusions can kill a person.
I know.
But what if that illusion
had possessed someone?
Wha... possess?
You mean all those men
that got murdered?
Were those that no
longer had any use to her.
Find her quickly, Mr. Yamashiro,
before it's too late and
- another victim falls prey.
- [Doorbell ringing]
Hmm?
[Ominous music]
How much is it? Hey.
You sure are a weird pizza guy.
[Grunts]
[Screams]
No!
Oh, oh!
- [Glass shattering]
- [Screams]
J'j'j'j'
[screams]
[Pants]
[Camera shutter clicking]
Yeah, that looks good.
Come on, baby,
be more daring, that's it!
Alright! Take three!
[Gasps]
- [Telephone ringing]
- [Gasps]
Hello?
- Are you alright over there?
- [Indistinct chatter]
Huh, you haven't heard yet,
what happened to murano?
No, it can't be!
[Man on TV] Police say
that murano died of
multiple stab wounds to 75%...
Not Mr. Murano! No!
- It's complete chaos over here.
- That is not the point!
We have nothing to do with it!
Alright, I know now
that you're okay,
but you stay put
till I get there.
The weapon used in the
latest murder is said to
closely resemble the one
used in last week's killing
- of a popular screenwriter.
- [Sighs]
Police are considering a
personal grudge as the motive,
and are looking into connections
between the two cases.
[Grunts softly]
[Rustling]
Ah!
[Shudders]
[Tense music]
[Gasps]
- [Doorbell rings]
- [Gasps]
[Rustling]
[Doorbell continues]
- That's her! Miss kirigoe!
- [Gasps]
Please, we'd like to get
your statement.
Do you know anything about
the murder of Mr. Murano?
Do you know anything at all
miss kirigoe?
Do you believe there's a
connection between the killings
of Mr. Murano and
Mr. Shibuya the screenwriter?
How well did Mr. Murano and
- Mr. Shibuya know each other?
- There are rumors, miss kirigoe,
of a love triangle...
[Dialogue overlapping]
[Indistinct chatter]
[Man]
Hey, you think she's jinxed?
[Woman] Well, you know what
happens twice happens thrice.
[Man #2]
Let's take bets on who's next.
[Woman #2]
Will you guys cut it out!
Don't worry about them.
Am I alive?
Is this really happening?
Huh?
Maybe that truck hit me,
and all this has been a dream.
I just can't make out
the difference anymore.
[Director] Okay, everyone,
are we ready?
[Man] Okay, mima, you're on!
[Grunts]
Remember now,
you've just killed someone.
Breathe harder than you did
during the rehearsal.
Yes.
[Pants]
[Tense music]
[Gasps]
And... action!
Uh.
[Gasps]
[Grunts softly]
- [Woman] Are you awake?
- [Gasps]
[Eerie music]
You are?
Can you tell me
what your name is?
My name? I'm mirna kirigoe.
Okay. And what do you do?
[Do]... no, now I'm an actress.
That must be really hard work.
Yeah, it's really hard,
but it's what I've chosen to do.
Amazing, she thinks
she's some new, young,
up-and-coming
actress named mirna kirigoe.
Mm?
Dissociative identity disorder.
[Sighs]
In other words,
multiple personality syndrome.
All those crimes took place
when she believed herself to be
some other persona,
a different personality.
So, now what?
Where's the persona
of the original yoko?
Yoko takakura,
the original persona,
is nothing more than a made-up
character in a drama for her.
Being a "normal" girl,
how she was raped
in a strip club,
everything happened as part
of her drama series.
By doing this,
she salvaged her own heart.
[Sighs] That's right.
I'm an actress.
That's a cut!
[Rewinding]
Can you tell me
what your name is?
My name? I'm mima kirigoe.
The original persona,
yoko takakura, no longer exists.
By killing, and later becoming,
her sister the top-model,
she salvaged her own heart.
[Sighs] That's right.
I'm a model.
Alright! That's the take!
[Cheering and applause]
Well, we did it, mirna! [Laughs]
Mima!
Oh, mirna, good work.
I'm so proud.
Rumi.
As of this moment, everyone,
double bind is in the can!
You did a great job.
I'd say that is a wrap!
[Cheering and applause]
[Exhales]
Mima, you were fantastic!
Didn't you think so?
She really was excellent,
lhave to admit.
And we thank you for that.
We'll see you at
- the wrap party.
- See you then. Bye-bye.
Okay, then.
We'll be talking to you.
Wow, that's great. Shall we go?
Mirna, go and get changed.
[Footsteps]
[Both gasp]
Oh, I'm sorry, doctor.
Hey now, mima,
I'm not touko anymore!
Did you forget?
"Illusions can't
come to reality."
Hm, you can stop dreaming now.
Hmm?
[Gasps]
Eri?
- [Gasps]
- [Thuds]
Hmm, what's taking mima so long?
Well, I'm going back
to the office.
Take mima home, will ya?
Uh, Mr. Tadokoro.
You were saying something
about mima's next job?
Hmm? Oh, yeah, it's great!
A starring role
in a video movie.
There happens to be
a few smutty scenes,
but, uh, what are you gonna do?
- [Chuckles]
- [Door closing]
[Engine starting]
Ah!
Somebody help me!
[Screams]
Ha! Like anyone can
hear you right now!
Who are you?
W-Why are you doing this?
I'm protecting my dear mimarin,
what do you think?
Protecting? But I'm mimarin!
No, no, no, no, no!
Dammit!
You didn't know I was me-mania!
You're just pretending
to be mimarin!
- [Grunts]
- [Screams]
No, stop!
Ah, no!
No!
You tarnished mimarin's name,
fooling that photographer
and screenwriter
with that little mouth of yours.
But how can...
Can it be that you...
The real mimarin is nice.
She e-mails me every day!
And she says you're in her way!
Did you kill them? Did you?
- And you'll die soon, too!
- [Gasps]
[Loosens belt]
[Both grunt]
[Screams]
[Pounding]
You're a bad girl.
You have to follow the script!
- [Screams]
- [Clattering]
And take 2!
[Intense music]
- [Ripping]
- [Screams]
[Both grunt]
[Blows landing]
[Screams]
[Grunts]
J'j'j'j'
[grunts]
[Ripping]
[Uhud]
Ah.
[Groans]
[Pants]
Alright! Looks good!
[Cheering and applause]
Hmm.
Huh?
Mima, oh!
Oh, my god,
what happened to you?
I looked all over for you!
Is it you?
What in the world
has happened here?
[Exhales]
This can't...
Are you sure you
weren't just dreaming?
Are you alright?
Hmm.
We're going back to mima's room.
[Gasps]
[Bubbling]
[Sighs]
Rumi, are you here?
Yes, what is it?
Uh, nothing.
Oh, I have to call Mr. Tadokoro.
[Beeping]
[Ringing]
[Ringing continues]
[Thuds]
[Ominous music]
[Gasps]
No, no. This is not my room.
Of course not!
This is mima's room!
You're...
Look, I'm wearing
the new costume.
Isn't it just fabulous?
I'm wearing it at
tomorrow's show!
Isn't it great?
It's perfect on me!
But, rumi, why are you...?
Why is rumi...? Rumi.
Oh!
Oh, it's okay, rumi went home.
She said she worked hard and
needed to get some sleep.
Don't talk like that!
This is a joke, isn't it, rumi?
J“ your heart goes
thump, thump, thump, thump j“
j“ when you're in love j“
j“ but then it pays off, pays off
when you're loved back j“
what do you think? Perfect, huh?
After all, I am a pop idol,
and a pop idol has to sing.
But...
You just had to keep
getting in my way.
Rumi was totally furious, too.
No, please, stop this!
But you don't have to worry.
A pop idol is always
protected by her fans!
They always listen to any favor
that I, mima, ask them,
although Mr. Me-mania
failed just a little bit.
Mr. Me-mania?
How do you know him?
But it doesn't
make any difference.
You reap what you sow,
especially about you.
[Intense music]
- [Screams]
- [Glass shattering]
[Grunts]
[Gags]
[Screams]
[Coughs]
[Gasps]
[Whimpers]
- [Grunts]
- Ah!
[Screams]
[Thuds]
J'j'j'j'
no! Ah!
[Cries]
[Pants]
- [Blow landing]
- [Clattering]
Help! Somebody help me!
[Clanging]
[Yells]
Please, rumi,
it is you, isn't it?
Wake up!
You're the one
who needs to wake up.
- [Giggles]
- [Screams]
[Both crash]
Help! Somebody,
help me, help me!
Help me, help me, ah!
[Pants]
Please, somebody help me!
Please, somebody!
[Screams]
- [Blow landing]
- [Crashes]
[Groans]
[Laughs]
- [Glass shattering]
- [Screams]
Let's end all of this.
We don't need two mimas,
now, do we?
I am mima!
Ha-ha, that's funny!
Mima is a pop idol,
and you're just a
dirty old impostor!
You're the imposter!
I'm not gonna take this anymore!
[Grunts]
[Pants]
[Screams]
[Groans]
[Gushing]
Ah!
[Grunts, coughs]
[Thuds]
[Shudders]
[Vehicle approaching]
[Gasps] Ah!
[Cheering and applause]
[Tires screeching]
[Uhud]
[Door opening]
Oh, shit!
Oh!
Oh, man, this is serious!
Call the police!
No, call an ambulance!
I know!
[Siren wailing in distance]
[Indistinct chatter]
Thank you for the flowers
you always bring.
I'll put them in my room.
They're pretty. Very pretty.
I didn't know you were here.
You must be very busy lately.
Oh, no.
Once in a while, she returns
to her rumi personality.
I know I'll never see
her ever again.
But, thanks to her,
I am who I am today.
[Gasps] Oh, my gosh,
that girl looks just
like mima kirigoe!
You're lying! There's no way
mima kirigoe would be
here of all places.
Oh, maybe she's
just a look-alike.
[Door opening]
[Engine starting]
[Chuckles]
No, I'm the real thing.
[Upbeat music]
J“ each time I pass
this station on the train j“
j“ my heart fills
with nostalgia j“
j“ the days when
I ran around town j“
j“ hiding all of my feelings j“
j“ in my school uniform j“
j“ take me to the first
time I was in love j“
j“ those four seasons when
I was frantic yet doubtful j“
j“ remember all those times when
just being near each other j“
j“ kept our love for
each other growing? J“
J“ I cut my hair
after graduation j“
j“ I wonder if you are
still the same j“
j“ are you still
pursuing that dream j“
j“ that you kept
telling me about j“
j“ on the way home? J“
j“ take me to when
my tears overflowed j“
j“ to those four seasons that j“
j“ I felt from the
bottom of my heart j“
j“ remember how in
the sunsets after school j“
j“ we just wanted time
to spend alone? J“
j'j'j'j'
J“ even in this new season,
I can't shake j“
j“ the habit of bluffing
when I am sad j“
j“ I'm sure that you knew j“
j“ I still remember your eyes
when you looked at me silently j“
J'j'j'j'